<div class="section grid grid-8">
  <h2>Get mining tools and start digging</h2>
  <p>
    To join this pool, all you need is a namecoin address where we can
    send you your reward. You use this address instead of a username for
    your miner, the password has to be "none" (without quotation marks).
  </p>
  <p>
    A way to get a new address to use is with
    <code>namecoind getaccountaddress ""</code>
    More details can be found at <a href="https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Accounts_explained">the bitcoin wiki</a>
  </p>
  <p>
    The pool runs at <a href="http://namebit.org">pool.namebit.org:10000</a>
  </p>
</div>
<div class="section grid grid-8">
  <h2>Rates</h2>
  <p>
    Our Numero Uno priority is protecting your namecoins (NMC). For that reason, we monitor every payout manually with full paranoia.  Payouts should appear within a few blocks of the found block.
  </p>
  <p>
    49 shares are awarded based on the number of shares your miner submitted to the
    pool since the last block the pool won (a "round")<br>
    We sum your non-stale, unrejected shares since the last time we found a block, and distribute proportionally among all participants.
  </p>
  <p>
    To cover the ongoing costs for this service, the pool keeps 1 coin of the reward
    per generated block.
  </p>
</div>
<div class="section grid grid-16">
  <h2>Miner setup</h2>
  <p>
    Please see the documentation for each miner for more information on their
    flags, all instructions here are submitted by our users and won't
    neccesarily reflect the options best for your machine.
  </p>

  <p class="miner">
    <a href="https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Poclbm">PyOpenCL bitcoin miner with a GUI frontend</a>
    <code>poclbm.py --user addr --pass none --host pool.namebit.org --port 10000</code>
  </p>

  <p class="miner">
    <a href="https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/OpenCL_miner">OpenCL/CUDA GPU miner</a>
    <code>rpcminer-opencl.exe -url=http://pool.namebit.org:10000 -user=addr -password=none</code>
  </p>

  <p class="miner">
    <a href="https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Phoenix_miner">Phoenix Miner</a>
    <code>phoenix.exe -u http://addr:none@pool.namebit.org:10000/ -k poclbm VECTORS BFI_INT AGGRESSION=10 WORKSIZE=128 DEVICE=0 FASTLOOP=false</code>
  </p>

  <p class="miner">
    <a href="https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Cpu_Miner">CPU Miner</a>
    <code>minerd --userpass addr:none --url http://pool.namebit.org:10000</code>
  </p>

  <p class="miner">
    <a href="http://ufasoft.com/open/bitcoin">Ufasoft Miner</a>
    <code>bitcoin-miner.exe -o http://pool.namebit.org:10000 -p none -u addr</code>
  </p>
</div>
